net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Staff.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Staff
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Staff$1
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Category.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Category
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Category$1
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksFuture.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksFuture
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/UtilsLib.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.UtilsLib
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.UtilsLib$ActivityLifecycleImpl
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.UtilsLib$OnAppStatusChangedListener
net/umaass_user/app/servicess/NotificationConteroller.java
 net.umaass_user.app.servicess.NotificationConteroller
com/google/android/gms/gass/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.gass.R
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/GalleryItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.GalleryItem
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.GalleryItem$1
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksPast.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksPast
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
io/fabric/sdk/android/R.java
 io.fabric.sdk.android.R
com/crashlytics/android/R.java
 com.crashlytics.android.R
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/denzcoskun/imageslider/R.java
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$anim
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$attr
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$bool
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$color
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$dimen
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$drawable
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$id
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$integer
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$layout
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$string
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$style
 com.denzcoskun.imageslider.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/persenter/LoginPresenter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.persenter.LoginPresenter
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityRegister.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$1$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$3$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityRegister$8
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/AppointmentDetail.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.AppointmentDetail
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.AppointmentDetail$1
net/umaass_user/app/interfac/NewBookListener.java
 net.umaass_user.app.interfac.NewBookListener
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/persenter/MainPresenter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.persenter.MainPresenter
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterCategory2.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterCategory2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterCategory2$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterComment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterComment
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterComment$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/models/NewStaff.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.NewStaff
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Image.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Image
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Image$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/AdapterDialogList.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AdapterDialogList
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AdapterDialogList$MyViewHolder
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AdapterDialogList$MyViewHolder$1
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/kyanogen/signatureview/R.java
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R$attr
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R$color
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R$dimen
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R$string
 com.kyanogen.signatureview.R$styleable
com/hbb20/R.java
 com.hbb20.R
 com.hbb20.R$anim
 com.hbb20.R$animator
 com.hbb20.R$attr
 com.hbb20.R$bool
 com.hbb20.R$color
 com.hbb20.R$dimen
 com.hbb20.R$drawable
 com.hbb20.R$id
 com.hbb20.R$integer
 com.hbb20.R$interpolator
 com.hbb20.R$layout
 com.hbb20.R$raw
 com.hbb20.R$string
 com.hbb20.R$style
 com.hbb20.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/DialogRate.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogRate$RateListener
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentAboutUs.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentAboutUs
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentAboutUs$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityEditProfile.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$1$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$3$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityEditProfile$9
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksStepThree.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepThree
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepThree$1
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/BackStackActivity.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackActivity
com/google/android/gms/ads/impl/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.impl.R
 com.google.android.gms.ads.impl.R$string
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/RetryableCallback.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.RetryableCallback
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.RetryableCallback$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentHome.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$10
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$11
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$12
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$12$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$13
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$14
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$3$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentHome$9
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/ViewModelLogin.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.ViewModelLogin
net/umaass_user/app/BuildConfig.java
 net.umaass_user.app.BuildConfig
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/NotificationsModel.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.NotificationsModel
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/IndustryResult.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.IndustryResult
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/application/ViewModelFactory.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.ViewModelFactory
net/umaass_user/app/utils/RecyclerItemClickListener.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RecyclerItemClickListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RecyclerItemClickListener$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RecyclerItemClickListener$OnItemClickListener
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/theartofdev/edmodo/cropper/R.java
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$anim
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$attr
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$bool
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$color
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$dimen
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$drawable
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$id
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$integer
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$layout
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$menu
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$string
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$style
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
com/crashlytics/android/beta/R.java
 com.crashlytics.android.beta.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityBook.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityBook
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityBook$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityBook$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityBook$3
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterTime.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterTime
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterTime$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/EditProfileDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.EditProfileDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.EditProfileDialog$1
net/umaass_user/app/application/Preference.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.Preference
com/google/android/gms/ads/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/ProviderDetail.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.ProviderDetail
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksDeleted.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksDeleted
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/RemoteSource.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.RemoteSource
io/michaelrocks/libphonenumber/android/R.java
 io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.R
net/umaass_user/app/application/BuildVars.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.BuildVars
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterNotifications.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterNotifications
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterNotifications$MyViewHolder
com/daimajia/easing/R.java
 com.daimajia.easing.R
 com.daimajia.easing.R$anim
 com.daimajia.easing.R$attr
 com.daimajia.easing.R$bool
 com.daimajia.easing.R$color
 com.daimajia.easing.R$dimen
 com.daimajia.easing.R$drawable
 com.daimajia.easing.R$id
 com.daimajia.easing.R$integer
 com.daimajia.easing.R$layout
 com.daimajia.easing.R$string
 com.daimajia.easing.R$style
 com.daimajia.easing.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/jaygoo/widget/R.java
 com.jaygoo.widget.R
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$anim
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$attr
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$bool
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$color
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$dimen
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$drawable
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$id
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$integer
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$layout
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$string
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$style
 com.jaygoo.widget.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/base/BaseActivity.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseActivity
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseActivity$1
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
 androidx.browser.R$xml
net/umaass_user/app/data/interfaces/CallBacks.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.interfaces.CallBacks
net/umaass_user/app/models/ChangeLanguageModel.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.ChangeLanguageModel
net/umaass_user/app/data/interfaces/CallBack.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.interfaces.CallBack
net/umaass_user/app/utils/DirectionsJSONParser.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.DirectionsJSONParser
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Register.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Register
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityWelcome.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityWelcome
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityWelcome$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityWelcome$2
com/crashlytics/android/core/R.java
 com.crashlytics.android.core.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/ActivityUtils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.ActivityUtils
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Slide.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Slide
net/umaass_user/app/utils/EndlessRecyclerOnScrollListener.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.EndlessRecyclerOnScrollListener
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityComments.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityComments
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityComments$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityComments$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityComments$3
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/BackStackManager.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackManager
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackManager$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackManager$SavedState
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackManager$SavedState$1
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/APIError.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.APIError
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Applicant.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Applicant
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Applicant$1
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/RequestException.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.RequestException
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksStepTwo.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$4$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepTwo$8$1
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/SwitchButton.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton$2
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton$3
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton$OnCheckedChangeListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SwitchButton$ViewState
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Profile.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Profile
net/umaass_user/app/utils/NotificationCenter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.NotificationCenter
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.NotificationCenter$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.NotificationCenter$DelayedPost
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.NotificationCenter$NotificationCenterDelegate
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/Permission.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission$2
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission$3
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission$4
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Permission$PermissionRequestListener
net/umaass_user/app/data/interfaces/ItemSelector.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.interfaces.ItemSelector
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/service/ApiConnection.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.service.ApiConnection
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.service.ApiConnection$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentMap.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentMap
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentMap$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentMap$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentMap$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentMap$4
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityShowImage.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityShowImage
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityNotifications.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityNotifications
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityNotifications$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityNotifications$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityNotifications$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityNotifications$4
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterAppointment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterAppointment
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterAppointment$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/utils/MapDirction.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction$DirectionsJSONParser
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction$DownloadTask
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction$MapDirctionCallBack
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.MapDirction$ParserTask
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/helper/PermissionHelper.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.PermissionHelper
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.PermissionHelper$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.PermissionHelper$2
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.PermissionHelper$OnPermissionDeniedListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.PermissionHelper$OnPermissionGrantedListener
net/umaass_user/app/interfac/ItemClickListener.java
 net.umaass_user.app.interfac.ItemClickListener
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/DiffCallback.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.DiffCallback
net/umaass_user/app/models/NewIndustryForSend.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.NewIndustryForSend
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/RemoteRepository.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.RemoteRepository
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.RemoteRepository$1
net/umaass_user/app/application/Key.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.Key
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/TouchImageView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$CompatScroller
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$DoubleTapZoom
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$Fling
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$GestureListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$PrivateOnTouchListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$ScaleListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$State
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.TouchImageView$ZoomVariables
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/impl/BaseView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.impl.BaseView
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityProviderWorkingHours.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderWorkingHours
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderWorkingHours$1
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/PagerAdapter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.PagerAdapter
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/MyStepperAdapter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.MyStepperAdapter
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Provider.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Provider
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/LogUtils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.LogUtils
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.LogUtils$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.LogUtils$Config
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.LogUtils$TYPE
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.LogUtils$TagHead
net/umaass_user/app/interfac/ListItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.interfac.ListItem
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/DownloadProgressResponseBody.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.DownloadProgressResponseBody
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/StaffItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.StaffItem
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/DialogList.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogList
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogList$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogList$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DialogList$3
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/ViewModelSplash.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.ViewModelSplash
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/ViewModelMain.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.ViewModelMain
com/crashlytics/android/answers/R.java
 com.crashlytics.android.answers.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/StringAdapter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.StringAdapter
net/umaass_user/app/application/G.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.G
 net.umaass_user.app.application.G$1
com/wdullaer/materialdatetimepicker/R.java
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$anim
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$attr
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$bool
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$color
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$dimen
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$drawable
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$font
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$id
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$integer
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$layout
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$string
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$style
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/MockServiceData.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.MockServiceData
 net.umaass_user.app.data.MockServiceData$MockService
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/ErrorUtils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.ErrorUtils
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/ServiceResult.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.ServiceResult
me/relex/circleindicator/R.java
 me.relex.circleindicator.R
 me.relex.circleindicator.R$animator
 me.relex.circleindicator.R$attr
 me.relex.circleindicator.R$drawable
 me.relex.circleindicator.R$id
 me.relex.circleindicator.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Comment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Comment
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/FragmentHistory.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragmentHistory
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/models/NewService.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.NewService
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/models/CommonItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.CommonItem
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/helper/DialogHelper.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.DialogHelper
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.DialogHelper$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.DialogHelper$2
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.helper.DialogHelper$3
net/umaass_user/app/models/PointMark.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.PointMark
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/GradeDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.GradeDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.GradeDialog$CityDialogAdapter
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.GradeDialog$CityDialogAdapter$MyViewHolder
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.GradeDialog$CityDialogAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
net/umaass_user/app/models/UpdateAppointmentTime.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.UpdateAppointmentTime
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Industry.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Industry
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Industry$1
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/FragNavTransactionOptions.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavTransactionOptions
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavTransactionOptions$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavTransactionOptions$Builder
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/BackStack.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStack
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStack$1
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/PermissionUtils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$FullCallback
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$OnRationaleListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$OnRationaleListener$ShouldRequest
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$PermissionActivity
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$SimpleCallback
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionUtils$ThemeCallback
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/shuhart/stepview/R.java
 com.shuhart.stepview.R
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$anim
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$array
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$attr
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$bool
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$color
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$dimen
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$drawable
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$id
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$integer
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$layout
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$string
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$style
 com.shuhart.stepview.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterDoctor.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterDoctor
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterDoctor$MyViewHolder
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterDoctor$MyViewHolder$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityAppointmentDetail.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityAppointmentDetail$7
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivitySuggestion.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySuggestion
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySuggestion$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySuggestion$2
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/AlertDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AlertDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AlertDialog$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.AlertDialog$2
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Login.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Login
io/github/inflationx/viewpump/R.java
 io.github.inflationx.viewpump.R
 io.github.inflationx.viewpump.R$id
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Suggestion.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Suggestion
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/DefualtResponse.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.DefualtResponse
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/ShowIndustry.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.ShowIndustry
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/User.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.User
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/SuggestModel.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.SuggestModel
net/umaass_user/app/utils/LocaleUtils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.LocaleUtils
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Country.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Country
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Country$1
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Avatar.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Avatar
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Avatar$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/CustomPagerAdapter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.CustomPagerAdapter
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterBook.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterBook
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterBook$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/ui/components/EmptyView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.EmptyView
net/umaass_user/app/utils/LayoutHelper.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.LayoutHelper
com/aurelhubert/ahbottomnavigation/R.java
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$anim
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$animator
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$attr
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$bool
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$color
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$dimen
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$drawable
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$id
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$integer
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$layout
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$string
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$style
 com.aurelhubert.ahbottomnavigation.R$styleable
com/chaos/view/R.java
 com.chaos.view.R
 com.chaos.view.R$anim
 com.chaos.view.R$attr
 com.chaos.view.R$bool
 com.chaos.view.R$color
 com.chaos.view.R$dimen
 com.chaos.view.R$drawable
 com.chaos.view.R$id
 com.chaos.view.R$integer
 com.chaos.view.R$layout
 com.chaos.view.R$string
 com.chaos.view.R$style
 com.chaos.view.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/utils/ShadowSectionCell.java
 ShadowSectionCell
net/umaass_user/app/utils/SqureFramLayout.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.SqureFramLayout
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/impl/LoginView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.impl.LoginView
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/base/BaseFragment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseFragment
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseFragment$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseFragment$Callback
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseFragment$FragmentNavigation
net/umaass_user/app/models/NewBook.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.NewBook
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/OrderByDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.OrderByDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.OrderByDialog$1
net/umaass_user/app/interfac/IBackPress.java
 net.umaass_user.app.interfac.IBackPress
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
net/umaass_user/app/models/NewIndustry.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.NewIndustry
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityProviderDetail.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$8$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$8$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityProviderDetail$9
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterGallery.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterGallery
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterGallery$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/utils/Utils.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.Utils
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/WorkingHoursItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.WorkingHoursItem
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/CircleImageView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.CircleImageView
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.CircleImageView$CircleImageViewOutlineProvider
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/stepstone/stepper/R.java
 com.stepstone.stepper.R
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$anim
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$attr
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$bool
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$color
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$dimen
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$drawable
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$id
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$integer
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$layout
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$string
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$style
 com.stepstone.stepper.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/R.java
 net.umaass_user.app.R
 net.umaass_user.app.R$anim
 net.umaass_user.app.R$animator
 net.umaass_user.app.R$array
 net.umaass_user.app.R$attr
 net.umaass_user.app.R$bool
 net.umaass_user.app.R$color
 net.umaass_user.app.R$dimen
 net.umaass_user.app.R$drawable
 net.umaass_user.app.R$font
 net.umaass_user.app.R$id
 net.umaass_user.app.R$integer
 net.umaass_user.app.R$interpolator
 net.umaass_user.app.R$layout
 net.umaass_user.app.R$menu
 net.umaass_user.app.R$mipmap
 net.umaass_user.app.R$raw
 net.umaass_user.app.R$string
 net.umaass_user.app.R$style
 net.umaass_user.app.R$styleable
 net.umaass_user.app.R$xml
net/umaass_user/app/ui/components/DayRangeTimeView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.DayRangeTimeView
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.DayRangeTimeView$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.DayRangeTimeView$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.DayRangeTimeView$TimeClickListener
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterBookMark.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterBookMark
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterBookMark$MyViewHolder
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/CustomerAppointment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.CustomerAppointment
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/service/ServiceApi.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.service.ServiceApi
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivitySplash.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySplash
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySplash$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivitySplash$2
com/prolificinteractive/materialcalendarview/R.java
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$anim
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$attr
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$bool
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$color
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$dimen
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$drawable
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$id
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$integer
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$layout
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$string
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$style
 com.prolificinteractive.materialcalendarview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentProfile.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$10
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$11
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$12
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$13
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$14
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$14$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$15
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$16
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$17
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$18
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$19
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$20
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentProfile$9
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/CustomerAppointmentDetail.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.CustomerAppointmentDetail
net/umaass_user/app/utils/PermissionGroup.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$2
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$3
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$4
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$AlertDialogCallBack
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.PermissionGroup$PermissionRequestListener
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Api.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Api
pl/droidsonroids/relinker/R.java
 pl.droidsonroids.relinker.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooks.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooks
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooks$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterService.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterService
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterService$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityMap.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$3$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$3$1$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMap$5
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Default.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Default
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/jakewharton/threetenabp/R.java
 com.jakewharton.threetenabp.R
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentBooksStepOne.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepOne
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepOne$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepOne$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepOne$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentBooksStepOne$4
net/umaass_user/app/ui/base/BaseDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseDialog$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseDialog$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.base.BaseDialog$3
androidx/lifecycle/reactivestreams/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.reactivestreams.R
net/umaass_user/app/utils/FormatHelper.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.FormatHelper
net/umaass_user/app/utils/RoundedCornersTransformation.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RoundedCornersTransformation
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RoundedCornersTransformation$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.RoundedCornersTransformation$CornerType
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityCategory.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityCategory
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityCategory$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityCategory$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityCategory$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityCategory$3$1
com/facebook/accountkit/R.java
 com.facebook.accountkit.R
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$anim
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$animator
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$array
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$attr
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$bool
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$color
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$dimen
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$drawable
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$id
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$integer
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$layout
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$string
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$style
 com.facebook.accountkit.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/impl/MainView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.impl.MainView
com/futuremind/recyclerviewfastscroll/R.java
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$anim
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$animator
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$attr
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$bool
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$color
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$dimen
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$drawable
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$id
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$integer
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$layout
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$string
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$style
 com.futuremind.recyclerviewfastscroll.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityLogin.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityLogin
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityLogin$1
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/FragNavController.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$1
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$Builder
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$RootFragmentListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$TabIndex
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$TransactionListener
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$TransactionType
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.FragNavController$Transit
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Appointment.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Appointment
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/EmptyStringAsNullTypeAdapter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.EmptyStringAsNullTypeAdapter
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/LoginData.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.LoginData
net/umaass_user/app/utils/permission/PermissionConstants.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionConstants
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.permission.PermissionConstants$Permission
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/persenter/SplashPresenter.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.persenter.SplashPresenter
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/utils/Errors.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.utils.Errors
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
io/nlopez/smartlocation/R.java
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$attr
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$color
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$dimen
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$drawable
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$id
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$integer
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$layout
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$string
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$style
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/application/Injection.java
 net.umaass_user.app.application.Injection
com/badoualy/stepperindicator/R.java
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$anim
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$attr
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$bool
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$color
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$dimen
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$drawable
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$id
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$integer
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$layout
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$string
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$style
 com.badoualy.stepperindicator.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/login/Authentication.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.login.Authentication$6
net/umaass_user/app/data/RepositoryMethod.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.RepositoryMethod
com/google/maps/android/R.java
 com.google.maps.android.R
 com.google.maps.android.R$attr
 com.google.maps.android.R$color
 com.google.maps.android.R$drawable
 com.google.maps.android.R$id
 com.google.maps.android.R$integer
 com.google.maps.android.R$layout
 com.google.maps.android.R$raw
 com.google.maps.android.R$string
 com.google.maps.android.R$style
 com.google.maps.android.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/ui/ActivityMain.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$1$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.ActivityMain$CheckVersion
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterStaff.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterStaff
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterStaff$MyViewHolder
net/umaass_user/app/ui/components/RoundCornerButton.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.components.RoundCornerButton
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/Service.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Service
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.Service$1
net/umaass_user/app/viewModel/impl/SplashView.java
 net.umaass_user.app.viewModel.impl.SplashView
net/umaass_user/app/ui/adapter/AdapterCategory.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterCategory
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.adapter.AdapterCategory$MyViewHolder
pl/droidsonroids/gif/R.java
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R$attr
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/utils/backStackManager/BackStackEntry.java
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackEntry
 net.umaass_user.app.utils.backStackManager.BackStackEntry$1
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/LastDoneAppt.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.LastDoneAppt
net/umaass_user/app/servicess/MyNotification.java
 net.umaass_user.app.servicess.MyNotification
 net.umaass_user.app.servicess.MyNotification$1
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/DeleteDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.DeleteDialog
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/SearchDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$10
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$10$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$11
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$11$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$12
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$12$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$2
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$3
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$4
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$5
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$6
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$7
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$8
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$9
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$Filter
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.SearchDialog$FilterListener
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
net/umaass_user/app/data/Repository.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository$1
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository$1$1
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository$2
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository$3
 net.umaass_user.app.data.Repository$4
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/ServicesItem.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.ServicesItem
com/daimajia/androidanimations/library/R.java
 com.daimajia.androidanimations.library.R
 com.daimajia.androidanimations.library.R$string
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
net/umaass_user/app/data/remote/models/City.java
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.City
 net.umaass_user.app.data.remote.models.City$1
com/squareup/picasso/R.java
 com.squareup.picasso.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/location/places/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$string
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
io/github/inflationx/calligraphy3/R.java
 io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R
 io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$attr
 io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$id
net/umaass_user/app/ui/dialog/CityDialog.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.CityDialog
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.CityDialog$CityDialogAdapter
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.CityDialog$CityDialogAdapter$MyViewHolder
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.dialog.CityDialog$CityDialogAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
net/umaass_user/app/models/WorkingHour.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.WorkingHour
net/umaass_user/app/models/UpdateWorkingHours.java
 net.umaass_user.app.models.UpdateWorkingHours
net/umaass_user/app/ui/FragmentContactUs.java
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentContactUs
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentContactUs$1
 net.umaass_user.app.ui.FragmentContactUs$2
com/google/android/gms/ads_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_base.R
